chants are often portrayed as mindless
killers little more than swimming robots
driven by a primitive pre-programmed
brain but are they in fact more
intelligent than we think
to find out we're going to introduce
some sharks to a shark of our own meat
roboshark
roboshark is at the cutting edge of
wildlife filmmaking he's a free swimming
animatronic shark controlled with
underwater signals which he picked up
with a receiver on his back they're
designed to look just like a
flesh-and-blood shark this mission is
the girl mine well shucks and discreetly
film their behavior using this camera
hidden here in his letters
roboshark is a brave pioneer and a
unique experiment he's going to get
closer to the sharp end than any diver
dares what real sharks will make of him
we've no idea but their reactions may
provide new insight into how a Sharks
mind really works so what will roboshark
reveal about the intelligence of these
fearsome predators will they be smart
enough to blow his cover and if it turns
out that sharks are more intelligent
than we thought
will that defuse a fear or is a smart
shark the most terrifying shark of all